Make update_index command quiet when calling with "--verbosity=0" (#9271)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/management_commands.md

$ python manage.py update_index --schema-only
```

### Silencing the command

> You can prevent logs to the console by providing `--verbosity 0` as an arguement:

Reviewer: small typo but can fix up when merging.

```suggestion
You can prevent logs to the console by providing `--verbosity 0` as an argument:
```

```console
$ python manage.py update_index --verbosity 0
```

> Any number > 1 will produce the same logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this is omitted or provided with any number above 0 it will produce the same logs.
```

Just a minor re-word, will commit this on merging.
